# DeepMaterialCN

Best adhesive & glue manufacturer in China, our adhesives are widly used in consumer electronic, home appliance, smart phone, laptop and more industries. our R&D team customizes glue products for customers to help customers reduce costs and improve process quality. Glue products are delivered quickly and ensure their environmental friendliness and performance.

[DeepMaterialCN](https://www.deepmaterialcn.com/) https://deepmaterialcn.com/ (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. is an innovative company specializing in industrial adhesives for semiconductor,home applicance and electronic applications and surface protection materials for chip packaging and testing. Based on the core technolo- gy of adhesives, DeepMaterial has developed industrial adhesives for chip packaging and testing, circuit board-level adhe- sives, and adhesives for electronic products. Based on adhesives, it has developed protective films, semiconductor fillers, and packaging materials for semiconductor wafer processing and chip packaging and testing. 
 
To provide electronic adhesives and thin-film electronic application materials products and solutions for communication terminal companies, consumer electronics companies, semiconductor packaging and testing companies, and communication equipment manufacturers,to solve the above-mentioned customers in process protection, product high-precision bonding, and electrical performance. Domestic substitution demand for protection, optical protection, etc.

Deepmaterial provide customized adhesive services on your demand,including custom electronic adhesives, PUR structural adhesive, UV moisture curing adhesive, epoxy adhesive, conductive silver glue, epoxy underfill adhesive, epoxy encapsulant, functional protective film, semiconductor protective film. We engaged in the research and development and application of glue in the fields of consumer electronics, medical equipment, aerospace, optoelectronic energy, auto parts, semiconductor chips, etc. The R&D team customizes glue products for customers to help customers reduce costs and improve process quality. Glue products are delivered quickly and ensure their environmental friendliness and performance.

